  SelfKnowledgeExtraction on  api-server [!?] via 🐍 v3.12.11 (.venv) via ❄️  impure (nix-shell) 󰔛 2s
  ➜ python -m self_extract.cli query --profile ./output/profile.json  --after 2025-07-10       
                                                                                                                                                    Aggregated Matches                                                                                                                                                     
 The author's partner is named Dominique.                                                
                                                                                         
 The author spoke with Ryan McCall, who is interested in improving his consciousness.    
                                                                                         
 The author practices yoga.                                                              
 The author met Justin, Daniel Ives, and Daniel Burger.                                  
                                                                                         
 The author met Diana, an architect from Russia, who reminds them of Julia.              
                                                                                         
 The author is thinking about Zoe.                                                       
 The author has asthma and avoids breads and sweets.                                     
                                                                                         
 The author traveled from Madrid to Chicago.                                             
 The author spent time on a bus talking to an elderly woman.                             
                                                                                         
 The author purchased blueberries.                                                       
 The author met a woman named Maria Henriksveen.                                         
                                                                                         
 The author is working on improving speech-to-text software.                             
 The author is interested in Spanish language acquisition.                               
                                                                                         
 The author is considering moving to San Francisco.                                      
                                                                                         
 The author is 25 years old.                                                             
                                                                                         
 The author interacted with Pablo and Celia.                                             
                                                                                         
 The author's name is I/me.                                                              
                                                                                         
 The author is working on the Residencies Delta program.                                 
 The author is working on a course called CS527.                                         
 The author is planning a trip.                                                          
 The author is named I.                                                                  
                                                                                         
 The author is interested in reading Derek Sivers' book, 'How to Live'.                  
                                                                                         
                                                                                         
 The author is currently living with roommates William Garrett, Islam Shehata, and       
 Sanzhar Sarsenbay.                                                                      
 The author is a member of the Effective Altruism (EA) community.                        
 The author has friends named Miles Gilberti, Ben Schattinger, Sanzhar Sarsenbay, Islam, 
 and Gabby.                                                                              
                                                                                         
                                                                                         
                                                                                         
                                                                                         
                                                                                         
                                                                                         
                                                                                         
                                                                                         
                                                                                         
 Zoe Isabel Senon is involved in effective accelerationism and has a personal knowledge  
 system.                                                                                 
 Zoe Isabel Senon is a backend engineer specializing in blockchain development using     
 Golang.                                                                                 
 The author met Zoe Isabel Senon, a friend of Pablo's.                                   
 The author is working on a CS598JH project.                                             
 The author is working as a doctor.                                                      
 The author is participating in the LBF (likely a learning/travel/personal development   
 program).                                                                               
 The author is interested in supplements.                                                
                                                                                         
                                                                                         
                                                                                         
 The author is interested in remote work.                                                
                                                                                         
 The author is interested in longevity and potentially organ replacement.                
                                                                                         
                                                                                         
                                                                                         
                                                                                         
 The author is interested in approaching women systematically.                           
                                                                                         
 The author is currently traveling in Spain.                                             
                                                                                         
 The author is a software developer.                                                     
 The author is 36/37 years old.                                                          
 The author filmed Alvaro playing the role of 'Death'.                                   
 The author attended a public protest for longevity.                                     
 The author attended a presentation by Rey Kurzweil on futurism and escape velocity.     
                                                                                         
 The author worked with Sebastian, Ariel, Taylor, and Levan.                             
                                                                                         
 The author won the Hackathon.                                                           
                                                                                         
 The author woke up around 10:00 AM.                                                     
 The author spent time with Celia.                                                       
 The author participated in a Hackathon.                                                 
                                                                                         
 The author is talking with Pablo.                                                       
 The author is currently studying.                                                       
 The author has a friend named Josh.                                                     
 The author bought gifts for family.                                                     
 The author ate a Spanish dish called Chipirones a la plancha with Pablo and Celia.      
 Michael left the team.                                                                  
                                                                                         
 The author visited Levan in the UK.                                                     
 The author met Arina and a Russian man named (forgot his name) at Arminia.              
 The author has a sister with a Dutch boyfriend.                                         
 Theresa was the author's flyer during acro yoga.                                        
 The hackathon group consists of Sebastian, Ariel, Levan, and Michael.                   
                                                                                         
 Saava is interested in consciousness.                                                   
 Robert is British and lives in Portugal.                                                
 Michele is from Australia and is divorced.                                              
                                                                                         
 Matt Scholz presented on gene therapy.                                                  
                                                                                         
                                                                                         
 Ludwig is physically fit and knowledgeable.                                             
                                                                                         
 Levan is 36 years old, Sebastian is 34 years old, and he has a 6-month-old daughter.    
                                                                                         
 Cat Thu Nguyen Huu was referenced on YouTube.                                           
                                                                                         
 Aubrey de Gray is a famous person.                                                      
 The author spoke with William James, Ines, and Saresh.                                  
 The author spoke with Samuli, who recommends increasing one's 'luck surface area'.      
                                                                                         
                                                                                         
 The author spoke with Michael Todhunter, who is developing an AI lab.                   
                                                                                         
                                                                                         
 The author spoke with Daniel Berger, who aligns in terms of thought patterns.           
                                                                                         
                                                                                         
 The author spoke with Dan Duma, who is from Scotland and proficient in Claude code.     
                                                                                         
                                                                                         
 The author is currently concerned about their body fat percentage.                      
 The author is currently tracking daily habits.                                          
                                                                                         
                                                                                         
                                                                                         
                                                                                         
 The author woke up at 5am.                                                              
 The author spoke Spanish to people at the hostel.                                       
 The author observed that many people in Spain speak Spanish.                            
                                                                                         
 The author observed a homeless population that is less prevalent than in other          
 locations.                                                                              
 The author noticed that Spaniards have a darker complexion than expected.               
 The author is traveling.                                                                
 The author is currently at an airport.                                                  
 The author has met Aryan and Martina.                                                   
 Martina is pursuing a Master's in Chemistry.                                            
 Aryan has a Master's in Data Science and AI.                                            
 The author used melatonin to fall asleep.                                               
 The author met Jeff, a first-year PhD student.                                          
                                                                                         
 The author is working on a laptop project.                                              
 The author is preparing to travel to Spain.                                             
 The author is friends with Max and Kaushika and Luli.                                   
 The author is considering buying a more reliable laptop in the future.                  
                                                                                         
 The author gave a presentation in CS598JH.                                              
 The author's daily routine includes a wind-down routine starting at 22:15.              
 The author woke up around 7:10 AM.                                                      
 The author wished Ricky a happy birthday.                                               
 The author visited the dentist.                                                         
 The author spoke with Ricky about his Roblox rejection.                                 
 The author is working on a CS598 presentation.                                          
                                                                                         
 The author is taking 19 credit hours and doing research.                                
 The author is scheduled to travel to Spain.                                             
 The author is procrastinating on tasks.                                                 
 The author is planning to spend three hours on coursework tomorrow.                     
                                                                                         
 The author is having difficulty with data transfer.                                     
 The author is experiencing a cold.                                                      
 The author had a conversation with Ryan Chu and responded to his message.               
                                                                                         
                                                                                         
 The author intends to start a wind-down routine at 22:15.                               
                                                                                         
 The author's name is 'I'                                                                
 The author interacts with an AI assistant named Siri.                                   
                                                                                         
 The author called Michael.                                                              
 The author's name is implied to be 'I'.                                                 
 The author is working on a capture system organization system.                          
                                                                                         
 The author is using voice-to-text.                                                      
                                                                                         
 The author is currently enrolled in several courses.                                    
                                                                                         
 The author's name is I.                                                                 
                                                                                         
 The author starts a wind-down routine at 22:15.                                         
 The author is working on a capture system.                                              
                                                                                         
                                                                                         
                                                                                         
 The author is running with Max.                                                         
                                                                                         
                                                                                         
                                                                                         
                                                                                         
 The author is reading Essentialism.                                                     
                                                                                         
 The author is experiencing stress related to Anthropic, applying to Anthropic, and the  
 dentist.                                                                                
                                                                                         
                                                                                         
                                                                                         
 The author is dating Brandon.                                                           
                                                                                         
                                                                                         
                                                                                         
                                                                                         
                                                                                         
 The author is considering starting a business.                                          
 The author is a student.                                                                
 The author has a relationship with Natalia.                                             
 The author's current time is 11:15.                                                     
 The author is working on multiple projects, including MP2 for CS527 and planning for a  
 trip to Spain.                                                                          
 The author is currently in a location that includes Siri and John Deere.                
 The doctor suspects a minor bone fracture.                                              
 The author woke up around 9:30 without an alarm clock.                                  
 The author was wearing a tank top during the TIMAN meeting.                             
 The author has an infection.                                                            
 The author attended a TIMAN group meeting.                                              
 The author visited a clinic.                                                            
 The author is experiencing elbow pain.                                                  
 The author is working on finding full-time employment.                                  
                                                                                         
                                                                                         
                                                                                         
                                                                                         
                                                                                         
 The author is using ChatGPT to record their day, but finds the interface frustrating    
 due to audio deletion issues.                                                           
 The author is struggling with packaging their knowledge management system using         
 Electron.                                                                               
 The author is friends with Aryan, who is involved in the LBF, and Johannes Brix.        
 The author's name is 'I' or 'me'.                                                       
 The author's little sister is attending college.                                        
 The author sent a video message to Islam.                                               
                                                                                         
 The author is currently working on a lab project.                                       
                                                                                         
                                                                                         
 The author is considering wearing a helmet.                                             
 The author is biking from the Union to ISR.                                             
 The author has ridden their bike frequently.                                            
 The author has experienced a head injury.                                               
                                                                                         
 The author is using a todo system to prioritize tasks.                                  
                                                                                         
 The author is considering purchasing Superhuman.                                        
                                                                                         
                                                                                         
                                                                                         
                                                                                         
                                                                                         
                                                                                         
                                                                                         
                                                                                         
                                                                                         
 The author is attempting to improve their reflection skills.                            
                                                                                         
 The author's name is Will.                                                              
 The author's current time is 23:41.                                                     
 The author is currently engaged in a CBT exercise.                                      
 The author's name is Matt.                                                              
                                                                                         
                                                                                         
 The author uses Neovim.                                                                 
 The author traveled to San Francisco.                                                   
 The author met several people during the day.                                           
                                                                                         
                                                                                         
 The author is staying at a hostel.                                                      
                                                                                         
                                                                                         
                                                                                         
 The author is friends with Krista and Islam.                                            
 The author is considering staying with several people.                                  
                                                                                         
 The author is attempting to implement speech to text.                                   
 The author woke up at around 9am.                                                       
 The author visited Natalia's dorm.                                                      
 The author spent most of the day at Grainger library.                                   
 The author contacted Vincent Lavelle.                                                   
 The author's daily routine involves a wind-down routine starting at 22:15.              
 The author went to Toastmasters today.                                                  
 The author visited Anelli Alfredeen.                                                    
                                                                                         
 The author is working on an independent study for 4 credit hours.                       
 The author woke up tired.                                                               
 The author is trying to reduce phone usage before bed and in the morning.               
                                                                                         
                                                                                         
 The author is considering a 8:00 AM wake-up time.                                       
                                                                                         
 The author identified 3% improvement in decision making and exploration.                
 The author has a new room cleaning strategy.                                            
                                                                                         
 The author attended CS546 and CS527 classes.                                            
                                                                                         
                                                                                         
                                                                                         
                                                                                         
                                                                                         
                                                                                         
 The author attempted to wake up earlier but failed.                                     
                                                                                         
 The author's name is Kuba Klimek.                                                       
 The author woke up around 10:00 today.                                                  
 The author lives at 210 S 4th St.                                                       
                                                                                         
 The author is working on a project involving Nix flakes.                                
 The author is using the sunk cost fallacy.                                              
                                                                                         
 The author is taking an I school course.                                                
 The author is attempting to implement a wind-down routine.                              
 The author has asthma.                                                                  
 Jacen has connections in real estate in San Francisco.                                  
                                                                                         
 The author wrote an email to Rob and Seth Paulson.                                      
 The author works at a company and speaks notes from Scrum.                              
 The author woke up late on July 17th.                                                   
 The author spent time with David Siebel.                                                
 The author is considering attending Chicago Startup Weekend.                            
 The author has a conversation with Zev McManus-Mendelowitz and Will Garrett.            
                                                                                         
 The author had a call with Nathan S Cheng.                                              
 The author works at a company.                                                          
 The author woke up at 6:30 am.                                                          
 The author is working on improving their growth systems.                                
 The author is working on distributing tasks more evenly among a group.                  
                                                                                         
 The author is interested in maintaining a specific body fat percentage.                 
                                                                                         
                                                                                         
 The author is interested in exploring different software options, such as Protégé.      
                                                                                         
                                                                                         
                                                                                         
                                                                                         
 The author is interested in exploring Munich, Germany.                                  
 The author is considering creating a newsletter to share classes and collaborations.    
                                                                                         
                                                                                         
 The author is considering a waterproof laptop case.                                     
                                                                                         
                                                                                         
 The author is considering a public life.                                                
                                                                                         
                                                                                         
 The author is a graduate student.                                                       
                                                                                         
                                                                                         
 The author has several colleagues he interacts with regularly.                          
                                                                                         
 The author has a habit of following a new schedule.                                     
 The author cooked for approximately 2.5 hours.                                          
 The author attended a Codenames game with Ryan Qu, Kevin Li, and others.                
                                                                                         
 The author took a 05:00 flight.                                                         
 The author spent time responding to contacts.                                           
                                                                                         
 The author met with James Win, who advocates for 'living in the arena'.                 
                                                                                         
 The author met with Eduardo Pontes Reis at the Taylor Street Coffee shop.               
 The author met Natalia Handzel.                                                         
 The author found the 'sound bath' experience surprising.                                
                                                                                         
 The author connected with people who are 6 months ahead of them at the event.           
                                                                                         
 The author attended the Flourishing Founders event and connected with Bryan.            
 Mohammad Ali owns a chicken named Chico.                                                
                                                                                         
 James Fang was unimpressed by the Frontier Tower.                                       
 Eduardo Pontes Reis is working on an application that integrates data from Apple Fit,   
 labs, and allows user interaction.                                                      
                                                                                         
                                                                                         
 Eduardo Pontes Reis is from Brazil and works as a radiologist at a startup that         
 processes 10% of radiology images.                                                      
                                                                                         
                                                                                         
 Chico the chicken is a local legend in Palo Alto.                                       
                                                                                         
 Benjamin is trying to deglOGLE his phone and is interested in supply chain issues.      
                                                                                         
 Alton Sun contacted the author and offered to meet him at the Flourishing Founders      
 event.                                                                                  
 The author is working on a Looki device and is attempting to debug it.                  
                                                                                         
                                                                                         
 The author is using speech-to-text to send messages.                                    
                                                                                         
                                                                                         
                                                                                         
 The author is currently traveling with family, including a mother, a sister (Natalia    
 Handzel), and a roommate (Will).                                                        
                                                                                         
 The author is considering starting a consulting business, potentially for Looki or      
 other companies.                                                                        
 The author woke up at 9:00 AM.                                                          
 The author went to bed around 2:00 AM.                                                  
 The author took the Valley Train instead of Caltrain.                                   
 The author took the BART to North San Jose.                                             
 The author met with Ojus Save and Roey [INERT LAST NAME] at Zoom.                       
 The author met with Iryna Iziumska at the Ai Infra Meetup with Nvidia Adobe Zoom        
 Developers and Alluxio.                                                                 
 The author is working on a knowledge capture system.                                    
                                                                                         
 The author is preparing for a trip back to Chicago.                                     
 The author is planning to travel to Spain.                                              
 The author is listening to Ojus on a meeting.                                           
 The author is in San Francisco.                                                         
                                                                                         
                                                                                         
                                                                                         
                                                                                         
                                                                                         
 The author is currently in San Francisco.                                               
                                                                                         
 The author is 20 years old and identifies as Polish.                                    
 The author binged YouTube and engaged in adult chatting and porn.                       
                                                                                         
                                                                                         
 Ojus was born in 1993.                                                                  
 The author's roommate is from Saudi Arabia.                                             
 The author's name is James Fang and Ricky Fang.                                         
                                                                                         
                                                                                         
 The author met Graham Chapman and Alton Sun today.                                      
 The author is working at DataBricks.                                                    
 The author is working on improving their social skills and confidence.                  
 The author is traveling and experiencing new places.                                    
                                                                                         
 The author is interested in technology and software engineering.                        
                                                                                         
 The author is interested in personal branding.                                          
 The author is interested in learning and self-improvement.                              
                                                                                         
                                                                                         
 The author is interested in learning and experiencing new things.                       
                                                                                         
 The author is interested in community and connection.                                   
                                                                                         
                                                                                         
                                                                                         
 The author is interested in AI and its applications.                                    
                                                                                         
                                                                                         
                                                                                         
                                                                                         
 The author is experiencing a sense of familiarity and connection with Ricky Fang.       
                                                                                         
                                                                                         
 The author is experiencing a high volume of activity and novelty.                       
 The author is concerned about the potential for negative interactions with homeless     
 people.                                                                                 
 The author has met several people, including Enes Abdal, Guacomo, Johannes Brix, Nick   
 Linck, Kevin Le, Jose Martinez, Kyle Jeong, Ricky Fang, Connor, Ryan, Caton, and James  
 Fang.                                                                                   
                                                                                         
                                                                                         
                                                                                         
                                                                                         
 The author has connections in San Jose, Mountain View, and potentially other locations. 
                                                                                         
                                                                                         
                                                                                         
                                                                                         
                                                                                         
                                                                                         
 The author attended a hackathon.                                                        
 The author is interested in rationalism and effective altruism.                         
                                                                                         
                                                                                         
                                                                                         
                                                                                         
 The author is interested in polygamy.                                                   
                                                                                         
 The author is interested in AI safety research.                                         
                                                                                         
                                                                                         
 The author is considering dropping out of school.                                       
                                                                                         
 The author is 28 years old.                                                             
                                                                                         
 The author has met several people at AI safety labs and a rationalist group.            
                                                                                         
                                                                                         
 The author's friend Ella Ricketts' brother is being nicer to her.                       
 The author's friend Declan Gessel is interested in creating a co-working space.         
                                                                                         
 The author is interested in longevity biotech.                                          
 The author is considering a trip and planning it at the library.                        
 The author is considering a research leadership position.                               
                                                                                         
 The author is considering a co-working space in Paris.                                  
 The author is aware of a trans woman named Paulie sleeping in the mixed dorm.           
 The author interacted with several people including Jose Martinez, Ella Ricketts,       
 Richard Ricky Fang, Claire Chen, Declan Gessel, James Fang, Julian Donahue, Giacomo,    
 Lily, Paulie, and James Fang.                                                           
 The author has a friend named Declan who is wealthy and owns a Tesla.                   
 The author traveled to the city capitol and then to Menlo Park and Palo Alto.           
                                                                                         
 The author met an Italian man in San Francisco who is studying economics and working    
 out to impress a girl.                                                                  
                                                                                         
                                                                                         
                                                                                         
 The author met a man named Matt Shams who is trying to make people smarter with         
 personalized AI.                                                                        
 The author met a man named Jacen who is an Anesthesialogist working at Stanford.        
                                                                                         
 The author met a Lithuanian woman in San Francisco.                                     
                                                                                         
                                                                                         
 The author met Lily Gniedziejko, who is working remotely at Mueller and stacking her    
 resume.                                                                                 
                                                                                         
 The author met Ge Moua and Mike Chrabaszcz at the AWS Builder Networking Event.         
 The author is currently staying in a hostel.                                            
 The author has a connection to Sanislaw Antol, who left California when the author was  
 three years old.                                                                        
 The author climbed at Movement Climbing Gym.                                            
 The author walked 22,000 steps today.                                                   
 The author met Mustafa Oz and Yuriy Podvysotskiy and his wife.                          
                                                                                         
                                                                                         
 The author met Jim and James Fang at a hostel and a WorkOS event.                       
                                                                                         
                                                                                         
 The author met Bob at ragie.ai.                                                         
 The author met Alicia.                                                                  
                                                                                         
 The author learned line dancing with James Fang.                                        
                                                                                         
 The author wants to cut their hair every 12-ish weeks.                                  
 The author prefers long hair in the front.                                              
 The author is working on a personal website.                                            
 The author is traveling to San Francisco from August 6th to August 19th.                
                                                                                         
 The author is currently in or near San Francisco.                                       
                                                                                         
 The author interacted with Jeremy's group of friends.                                   
 The author attended a bonfire with colleagues.                                          
                                                                                         
 The author attempted to initiate conversation and flirtation.                           
 The author woke up around 09:30.                                                        
 The author is in contact with Sirihaasa Nallamothu and Jerry Lu.                        
 The author is considering buying a new phone and laptop.                                
 The author's mother was with them in the car.                                           
                                                                                         
 The author wrote letters to Ella Ricketts, Jerry Lu, and Zev McManus-Mendelowitz.       
 The author worked at Epic.                                                              
 The author went to Original Pancake House with Ryan and Kevin.                          
 The author is currently working at Epic.                                                
 The author had breakfast with Ryan Qu and Kevin Li.                                     
                                                                                         
 The author gave farewell letters to several colleagues.                                 
                                                                                         
 The author almost had an allergic reaction to pecans.                                   
 The author PR'd 250 on bench press and climbed a 5.7 grade top balay and around a V2-3. 
                                                                                         
                                                                                         
 Gavin Crigger flirted with the author.                                                  
 The author worked on a video for Sirihaasa.                                             
                                                                                         
 The author met with Eric Dalva.                                                         
                                                                                         
                                                                                         
                                                                                         
 The author interacted with a man wearing a Garmin watch.                                
                                                                                         
                                                                                         
                                                                                         
 The author interacted with a man at the gym.                                            
                                                                                         
 The author interacted with Ella Ricketts.                                               
 The author identified as a courageous person.                                           
                                                                                         
 The author had a 1:1 with Matthew Wiese.                                                
                                                                                         
 The author engaged in a conversation with a hostess at a dessert place.                 
                                                                                         
 The author has an intern buddy named [[Adyn Lavine]] and [[Patrick Gilles]]             
                                                                                         
                                                                                         
                                                                                         
                                                                                         
 The author worked out and hit 210 on the bench press.                                   
 The author woke up at approximately 7:50 AM.                                            
 The author is working on a project.                                                     
                                                                                         
                                                                                         
                                                                                         
                                                                                         
 The author is working on GraphRag.                                                      
                                                                                         
 The author is using a 'second brain' system.                                            
                                                                                         
 The author is planning a trip to San Francisco.                                         
                                                                                         
                                                                                         
                                                                                         
 The author is participating in a Residency Delta program.                               
                                                                                         
                                                                                         
 The author is friends with Jeremy Kintana and Siri Haas.                                
                                                                                         
 The author spoke with James Fang about the delta program.                               
                                                                                         
 The author is working on a residency project.                                           
                                                                                         
 The author is working a full-time job.                                                  
                                                                                         
 The author is named I/me.                                                               
                                                                                         
 The author is interested in software development.                                       
                                                                                         
 The author has connections with Ben Schattinger, Sam Burke, Ravan's friend, Alan Sokol, 
 Hardeep, Nick, and Siri.                                                                
                                                                                         
                                                                                         
                                                                                         
 The author had a conversation with Seth Hain and recorded it.                           
                                                                                         
 The author asked for a disgusting drink at an arcade.                                   
                                                                                         
 The author's team won first place at the Chicago Startup Weekend.                       
 The author's team was in a group of 5 teams.                                            
 The author's mother drove them to the awards ceremony.                                  
 The author woke up at around 8:15.                                                      
 The author took the bus to Madison from Chicago.                                        
 The author met a man on the train.                                                      
 The author is considering using AI tools judiciously.                                   
                                                                                         
 The author is concerned about Ella's lack of response on WhatsApp.                      
 The author interacted with Mikyla Farnell and gave her $50.                             
 The author has previously formed strong friendships quickly and then lost touch.        
                                                                                         
                                                                                         
 The author works.                                                                       
 The author had a hangout with Ella Ricketts.                                            
 The author experienced feelings of self-consciousness.                                  
                                                                                         
 The author woke up at 6 am and showered.                                                
 The author is planning a trip to Chicago Startup Weekend.                               
 The author is considering skipping work on Friday.                                      
 The author has a meeting with Jessica.                                                  
                                                                                         
 The author is working on an article.                                                    
 The author is involved with Maks and Eric and Adam.                                     
                                                                                         
                                                                                         
                                                                                         
 The author is currently having a summer fling with Ella and Gavin.                      
                                                                                         
                                                                                         
 The author is tracking various health metrics.                                          
                                                                                         
                                                                                         
 The author is reviewing daily and weekly data.                                          
                                                                                         
 The author is planning a trip to San Francisco (SF).                                    
                                                                                         
 Seeking knowledge and understanding                                                     
 Resilience and self-reliance                                                            
                                                                                         
 Making a difference                                                                     
                                                                                         
 Consciousness and self-improvement                                                      
                                                                                         
                                                                                         
                                                                                         
 Connection and empathy                                                                  
                                                                                         
 Becoming better                                                                         
 Seeking fluency in Spanish.                                                             
                                                                                         
 Planning and time management.                                                           
                                                                                         
 Mortality is immoral.                                                                   
                                                                                         
                                                                                         
 Maintaining relationships.                                                              
                                                                                         
 Deliberate and focused work.                                                            
 Courage and stepping outside comfort zones.                                             
                                                                                         
 Continuous learning.                                                                    
 Continuous learning and self-improvement.                                               
 Consciousness and awareness of mortality.                                               
                                                                                         
 Vulnerability and Openness                                                              
 Self-improvement                                                                        
                                                                                         
                                                                                         
                                                                                         
                                                                                         
 Self-awareness and consciousness                                                        
                                                                                         
 Personal growth and improvement                                                         
                                                                                         
                                                                                         
                                                                                         
 Kindness and generosity                                                                 
                                                                                         
                                                                                         
                                                                                         
 Courage and stepping outside comfort zones                                              
                                                                                         
                                                                                         
                                                                                         
                                                                                         
 Building meaningful relationships                                                       
                                                                                         
                                                                                         
 Wealth                                                                                  
                                                                                         
 Relationships                                                                           
                                                                                         
 Learning                                                                                
                                                                                         
 Identity                                                                                
                                                                                         
 Health                                                                                  
                                                                                         
 Happiness                                                                               
                                                                                         
 Growth                                                                                  
                                                                                         
 Environment                                                                             
                                                                                         
 Courage                                                                                 
                                                                                         
 Connection                                                                              
                                                                                         
 Seeking advice                                                                          
 Planning                                                                                
                                                                                         
 Making decisions                                                                        
 Deliberate work                                                                         
                                                                                         
 Consciousness of death                                                                  
                                                                                         
 Connection with loved ones                                                              
 Improve reactions to negative comments.                                                 
 Consciousness                                                                           
                                                                                         
 Self-awareness                                                                          
                                                                                         
                                                                                         
 Reducing Negative Bias                                                                  
                                                                                         
 Positive Interactions                                                                   
 Improving Memory                                                                        
                                                                                         
                                                                                         
 Continuous Learning                                                                     
                                                                                         
 Confidence                                                                              
 Personal growth is valued.                                                              
                                                                                         
 Courageous action is important.                                                         
 Selfishness (in a growth-oriented way)                                                  
 Productivity                                                                            
                                                                                         
 Genuine connection and social interaction                                               
                                                                                         
 Embracing discomfort for personal growth                                                
 Curiosity and observation                                                               
 Rationality                                                                             
                                                                                         
                                                                                         
 Playfulness                                                                             
                                                                                         
 High-quality schedule                                                                   
 Authenticity                                                                            
                                                                                         
 Self-growth and investing in the future.                                                
                                                                                         
 Learning and self-improvement.                                                          
 Deliberate and deep work.                                                               
 Deliberate and deep work on goals is valued.                                            
 Courageous action is valued.                                                            
 Consciousness of death and meditation are valued.                                       
 Consciousness and awareness of death.                                                   
 Courageous action                                                                       
                                                                                         
                                                                                         
                                                                                         
 Connection with others                                                                  
 Seeking comfort and support.                                                            
 Importance of meaningful work.                                                          
 Appreciation for friendship.                                                            
                                                                                         
 Focus on high-value activities.                                                         
                                                                                         
                                                                                         
 Eliminating unnecessary tasks.                                                          
 Continuous self-reflection and improvement.                                             
 Intentionality and deliberate action.                                                   
 Deliberate work on goals.                                                               
 Courageous action.                                                                      
 Continuous self-improvement.                                                            
                                                                                         
                                                                                         
 Being present in the moment.                                                            
 Focus on learning and automation                                                        
 Discipline and focus                                                                    
 Awareness of mortality                                                                  
 The author values making a positive impact.                                             
                                                                                         
 The author values growth.                                                               
                                                                                         
 Health is a high priority.                                                              
                                                                                         
 Self-discipline                                                                         
 Valueing reflection                                                                     
 Making progress on a primary goal                                                       
                                                                                         
 Consistency                                                                             
                                                                                         
 Self-improvement.                                                                       
 Reducing self-consciousness and vulnerability.                                          
                                                                                         
 Improving relationships.                                                                
                                                                                         
                                                                                         
                                                                                         
 Avoiding future losses                                                                  
 Prioritization                                                                          
                                                                                         
 Self-control                                                                            
                                                                                         
 Seeking connection and friendship.                                                      
                                                                                         
 Personal growth and self-awareness.                                                     
                                                                                         
 Following a schedule and prioritizing tasks.                                            
                                                                                         
 Embracing new experiences.                                                              
 Consciousness and awareness.                                                            
 Avoiding unfinished tasks.                                                              
                                                                                         
 Systematic improvement of systems.                                                      
                                                                                         
 Ethical behavior and fairness.                                                          
 The author values growth, health, identity, wealth, relationships, environment, and     
 happiness.                                                                              
 Rational thinking                                                                       
 Continuous improvement of speaking abilities                                            
                                                                                         
 Proactive self-improvement                                                              
                                                                                         
                                                                                         
 Efficiency and productivity                                                             
 Avoiding passive social interaction                                                     
                                                                                         
                                                                                         
 Sticking to routines.                                                                   
 Consciousness and awareness                                                             
 Alignment with future self.                                                             
 Acting as if you will be successful.                                                    
 Valueing connection with others.                                                        
                                                                                         
                                                                                         
 Structure and routine                                                                   
 Conscious awareness                                                                     
 Appreciating and respecting others.                                                     
 Systematic thinking                                                                     
 Growth and learning                                                                     
 Generosity                                                                              
                                                                                         
                                                                                         
 Continuous improvement                                                                  
 Connection and sharing                                                                  
 Value of continuous learning and skill development.                                     
                                                                                         
 The author values their time.                                                           
                                                                                         
                                                                                         
 The author values connection with others.                                               
 Importance of building a strong community.                                              
                                                                                         
 Focus on personal growth and self-improvement.                                          
                                                                                         
 Value in maintaining and strengthening relationships.                                   
                                                                                         
 Importance of providing value to others.                                                
 Desire for continuous learning and improvement.                                         
                                                                                         
                                                                                         
 Valuing relationships and expressing care.                                              
                                                                                         
 Strategic thinking                                                                      
                                                                                         
 Seeking personal growth and self-awareness.                                             
                                                                                         
 Rejecting good opportunities                                                            
 Desire for continuous learning.                                                         
 Being mindful of death.                                                                 
 Authentic conversation                                                                  
 Value in meeting new people.                                                            
 Seeking financial success through a startup.                                            
                                                                                         
 Interest in longevity and rationalism.                                                  
                                                                                         
 Honesty                                                                                 
                                                                                         
                                                                                         
                                                                                         
                                                                                         
 Making a positive change on the world                                                   
                                                                                         
 Autonomy                                                                                
                                                                                         
 Value community.                                                                        
                                                                                         
 The author values personal growth and self-improvement.                                 
                                                                                         
 The author values experiences and connections with others.                              
 Spreading love                                                                          
 Reflection and self-assessment                                                          
 Seeking opportunities for networking.                                                   
                                                                                         
                                                                                         
 Overcoming fear of rejection.                                                           
 Being friendly and initiating connections.                                              
                                                                                         
 Making connections with others                                                          
                                                                                         
 Long-term thinking                                                                      
                                                                                         
 Continuous self-improvement                                                             
                                                                                         
                                                                                         
 Achieving goals                                                                         
                                                                                         
 Seeking high-quality relationships                                                      
 Personal growth and self-improvement                                                    
 Establishing a routine                                                                  
 Systems thinking                                                                        
                                                                                         
 Self-awareness and emotional regulation                                                 
                                                                                         
                                                                                         
 Problem-solving and rational thinking                                                   
                                                                                         
 Appreciation for relationships and memories                                             
                                                                                         
 Taking control of one's life                                                            
 Social connection                                                                       
                                                                                         
 Intentionality                                                                          
                                                                                         
                                                                                         
 Seeking connection and social acceptance                                                
 Personal growth                                                                         
                                                                                         
                                                                                         
 Optimality in thinking                                                                  
 Growth and feedback are important.                                                      
 Building and maintaining a strong network is valuable.                                  
                                                                                         
                                                                                         
 Being a good friend                                                                     
                                                                                         
 Curiosity                                                                               
 Appreciation                                                                            
                                                                                         
 Seeking knowledge                                                                       
                                                                                         
 Removing super normative stimuli.                                                       
 Pleasing a woman                                                                        
 Value of connection and relationships.                                                  
                                                                                         
 Importance of reading.                                                                  
                                                                                         
 Focus on deliberate work.                                                               
 Self-acceptance                                                                         
                                                                                         
                                                                                         
 Progress over perfection                                                                
                                                                                         
 Productivity linked to self-worth                                                       
 Seeking deeper connections and relationships.                                           
                                                                                         
                                                                                         
 Data-driven decision making and skepticism.                                             
                                                                                         
                                                                                         
 Continuous learning and improvement.                                                    
                                                                                         
                                                                                         
 Work deliberately on a goal                                                             
                                                                                         
 Start wind-down routine                                                                 
 Plan my day                                                                             
 Meditate for 5 minutes                                                                  
 Learn for an hour                                                                       
                                                                                         
 Explore career opportunities with Daniel Ives, Daniel Burger, and Justin.               
                                                                                         
 Do something courageous                                                                 
                                                                                         
 Continue self-improvement efforts.                                                      
 Move to San Francisco.                                                                  
                                                                                         
 Improve speech-to-text software.                                                        
 Improve energy levels.                                                                  
                                                                                         
                                                                                         
 Become conversationally fluent in Spanish.                                              
                                                                                         
 Achieve three important tasks tomorrow.                                                 
 Work on systems                                                                         
 Itemize tasks for courses, plan, and organize                                           
 Incorporate self-awareness practices into daily life.                                   
                                                                                         
 Improve personal habits and routines.                                                   
                                                                                         
                                                                                         
 Finish MP for CS527                                                                     
 Expand social network and connect with like-minded individuals.                         
 Develop a local-only goal refinement system.                                            
                                                                                         
 Complete the Residencies Delta program project.                                         
                                                                                         
 Pursue a relationship with Zoe Isabel Senon.                                            
                                                                                         
                                                                                         
 Go on a date with a Spanish girl                                                        
                                                                                         
 Finish CS598JH project                                                                  
 Create opportunities and learn automation for capital acquisition.                      
                                                                                         
 Wind-down routine                                                                       
 Travel                                                                                  
 Tomorrow's planning                                                                     
 Planning the day                                                                        
 Meditation                                                                              
                                                                                         
 Maintaining relationships                                                               
                                                                                         
 Learning                                                                                
                                                                                         
 Goal-oriented work                                                                      
 Deep work on a goal                                                                     
 Courageous action                                                                       
                                                                                         
 Connecting with others                                                                  
 Career growth                                                                           
 Work deliberately on a goal.                                                            
                                                                                         
 Start a wind-down routine.                                                              
                                                                                         
 Plan the next day.                                                                      
 Meditate for 5 minutes.                                                                 
 Learn something.                                                                        
 Do something courageous.                                                                
                                                                                         
 Connect with someone.                                                                   
 Understand and apply cognitive behavioral therapy.                                      
 Improve awkward situation management.                                                   
 Achieve physical fitness (similar to Ludwig).                                           
 Increase Body Fat                                                                       
 Improve Workflows                                                                       
 Gain Value from Interactions                                                            
                                                                                         
 Achieve 3 Important Tasks Tomorrow                                                      
 Plan/time block my day tomorrow.                                                        
                                                                                         
 Learn for an hour.                                                                      
                                                                                         
 Personal growth                                                                         
 Learn Spanish                                                                           
 Be productive.                                                                          
 Adjust to a new time zone.                                                              
 Prepare for the Longevity Biotech Fellowship                                            
                                                                                         
 Prepare for LBF                                                                         
 Maintain a playful personality                                                          
 Prepare for a trip to Spain.                                                            
 Complete coursework.                                                                    
                                                                                         
 Complete a CS598 presentation.                                                          
                                                                                         
 Taking risks                                                                            
 Structured learning                                                                     
 Focused work                                                                            
 Daily planning                                                                          
 Prioritize important tasks.                                                             
                                                                                         
 Establish a consistent routine.                                                         
 Make progress on independent study.                                                     
                                                                                         
 Improve capture/task management system.                                                 
                                                                                         
                                                                                         
 Complete outstanding tasks.                                                             
 Finish the capture system.                                                              
 Improve capture system                                                                  
 Implement a death awareness system                                                      
 Go to bed earlier                                                                       
 Plan the day                                                                            
 Learn something                                                                         
                                                                                         
 Improve physical health.                                                                
 Identify normative stimuli                                                              
                                                                                         
 Identify and pursue desired career paths.                                               
                                                                                         
 Complete schoolwork.                                                                    
 Maintain a wind-down routine.                                                           
 Complete a MP (Most Important Project)                                                  
 Schedule a dentist appointment                                                          
                                                                                         
                                                                                         
                                                                                         
                                                                                         
                                                                                         
 Identify 3 companies to work at                                                         
                                                                                         
                                                                                         
                                                                                         
                                                                                         
                                                                                         
 Find full-time employment                                                               
                                                                                         
                                                                                         
                                                                                         
                                                                                         
                                                                                         
 Practice OODA loops.                                                                    
                                                                                         
 Learn from the bike accident                                                            
 Increase schoolwork.                                                                    
                                                                                         
                                                                                         
 Improve relationships.                                                                  
                                                                                         
                                                                                         
                                                                                         
 Avoid a concussion                                                                      
                                                                                         
 Apply rationality to decision-making                                                    
                                                                                         
 Solve overeating problem                                                                
                                                                                         
 Increase reflection skills                                                              
                                                                                         
 Increase productivity                                                                   
                                                                                         
 Improve apartment                                                                       
 Establish a wind-down routine                                                           
                                                                                         
 Plan a trip.                                                                            
                                                                                         
 Improve scheduling and task management.                                                 
                                                                                         
 Improve English.                                                                        
 Conduct a life audit.                                                                   
 System Audit and Implementation                                                         
                                                                                         
                                                                                         
 Improve Reflection System                                                               
 Implement Weight Loss System                                                            
 The author wants to identify and remove super normative stimuli.                        
 The author wants to accomplish 3 important things tomorrow.                             
 Identify what the author wants after graduation.                                        
                                                                                         
                                                                                         
 Give more speeches                                                                      
                                                                                         
 Complete the independent study project.                                                 
                                                                                         
                                                                                         
                                                                                         
 Reduce phone usage.                                                                     
                                                                                         
                                                                                         
 Implement a new room cleaning system.                                                   
                                                                                         
 Establish a consistent wake-up time.                                                    
                                                                                         
 Working on a growth system                                                              
 Work on a growth system.                                                                
 Improve productivity.                                                                   
 Improve journaling and reflection.                                                      
│ 2. Start my wind-down routine on time (before 22:00)                                   │                     │        1 │ 2025-08-25 │ /home/matth/Obsidian/Main/notes/dailies/2025-08-23.md                                  
 Identify failure mode                                                                   
 Be more strict with routines.                                                           
 Work on growth system                                                                   
 Maintain daily journaling                                                               
 Improve small talk skills.                                                              
                                                                                         
 Improve meeting system                                                                  
                                                                                         
 Participate in Chicago Startup Weekend                                                  
                                                                                         
 Maintain a new schedule                                                                 
 Improve growth systems                                                                  
 Implement an essentialism system                                                        
 Establish clarity in goals and intentions                                               
 Create a feedback/reflection system                                                     
 Apply for a scholarship                                                                 
 The author wants to work deliberately on a goal.                                        
 The author wants to review their day.                                                   
 The author wants to remove normative stimuli.                                           
 The author wants to meditate.                                                           
 The author wants to learn.                                                              
 The author wants to identify negative thinking patterns.                                
 The author wants to establish a wind-down routine.                                      
 The author wants to engage in courageous activities.                                    
                                                                                         
 The author wants to 'ping' someone.                                                     
 Increase self-awareness and improve communication skills.                               
                                                                                         
                                                                                         
 Develop a system for rating interactions with others.                                   
                                                                                         
 Create a habit of reflecting on daily experiences.                                      
                                                                                         
 Start a consulting business.                                                            
                                                                                         
 Improve the efficiency of the network management system.                                
                                                                                         
                                                                                         
                                                                                         
 Debug the Looki device.                                                                 
                                                                                         
                                                                                         
 Send Nick Linck the article about relationships.                                        
 Register for events in advance.                                                         
                                                                                         
 Reduce binge-watching                                                                   
 Learn Spanish during the Spain trip.                                                    
 Increase self-control                                                                   
                                                                                         
                                                                                         
 Improve thinking processes                                                              
 Improve the knowledge capture system.                                                   
                                                                                         
 Identify a super normative stimulus.                                                    
 Complete CBT exercises.                                                                 
 Work on a knowledge management system.                                                  
 Remove a super normative stimulus.                                                      
 Identify and address negative thinking patterns.                                        
 Live a full and meaningful life                                                         
 Learn new things                                                                        
 Improve social skills and build connections.                                            
                                                                                         
 Improve social skills                                                                   
 Explore opportunities in AI and related fields.                                         
                                                                                         
                                                                                         
 Attend the hackathon and contribute to a team.                                          
                                                                                         
 Work on AI Safety research                                                              
                                                                                         
                                                                                         
 Learn                                                                                   
                                                                                         
 Drop out of school                                                                      
                                                                                         
 Make connections with people.                                                           
                                                                                         
                                                                                         
 The author wants to connect with people they met at the AWS Builder Networking Event.   
                                                                                         
 Connect with someone                                                                    
 Complete CBT exercises                                                                  
                                                                                         
 Making new friends.                                                                     
 Living in San Francisco.                                                                
                                                                                         
 Improving networking skills.                                                            
                                                                                         
                                                                                         
 To get haircuts regularly.                                                              
 Implement systems for growth                                                            
                                                                                         
 Connect with people                                                                     
 Capture negative thoughts for CBT                                                       
 Plan a trip                                                                             
                                                                                         
 Improve personal relationships                                                          
 Develop a consistent routine                                                            
 Step outside of comfort zone.                                                           
 Remove unnecessary stimuli.                                                             
 Reflect on the day's events.                                                            
 Practice mindfulness and meditation.                                                    
 Identify and challenge negative thinking patterns.                                      
 Establish a wind-down routine.                                                          
 Engage in learning.                                                                     
 Develop systems in life                                                                 
                                                                                         
 Complete 3 important tasks tomorrow                                                     
 Trip planning                                                                           
 Review the day                                                                          
                                                                                         
 Remove super normative stimuli                                                          
 Meditate                                                                                
 Increase knowledge and understanding                                                    
 Improve social skills and confidence                                                    
                                                                                         
 Establish a consistent routine                                                          
 Network for trip assistance                                                             
                                                                                         
 Find free lodging in San Francisco.                                                     
                                                                                         
 Create a birthday video for Siri.                                                       
 Complete video editing                                                                  
 Book accommodation for a trip                                                           
                                                                                         
 Apply knowledge of asking for help.                                                     
                                                                                         
 Work on Residency Delta Idea                                                            
 Residency Delta Idea Development                                                        
 Post on Twitter.                                                                        
 Pet Sitting in SF                                                                       
 Networking for SF trip                                                                  
 Find free lodging in SF.                                                                
 Create a LinkedIn post about Chicago Startup Weekend.                                   
 Contact people in network for SF trip help.                                             
 Work deliberately, deeply on a goal.                                                    
 Review the day.                                                                         
 Improve daily reflection                                                                
 Complete CBT exercise                                                                   
 Be conscious of death                                                                   
 Improve small talk and approaching people.                                              
                                                                                         
 Prepare hardware for returns.                                                           
                                                                                         
 Plan San Francisco trip.                                                                
 Decide on Friday work schedule.                                                         
 Create startup pitches.                                                                 
 Complete the article                                                                    
                                                                                         
 Apply to the scholarship                                                                
 Explore cutting-edge domains.                                                           
                                                                                         
 Align weekly activities with monthly/quarterly ambitions.                               
                                                                                         
 Achieve personal, professional, and health-related victories.                           
                                                                                         
 Loneliness can be a significant emotional experience.                                   
 Death is a significant concern.                                                         
 Aging can be mitigated through technology.                                              
 Treatments for aging will become more accessible.                                       
 Nanobots could make people incredibly cheap to produce.                                 
                                                                                         
 Mortality is a fundamental right.                                                       
                                                                                         
                                                                                         
 Individuals operate on different levels of maturity and intellect.                      
                                                                                         
                                                                                         
 Government should subsidize aging treatments.                                           
                                                                                         
 Aging is a significant issue to address.                                                
 The author believes in the potential for exponential personal growth.                   
                                                                                         
                                                                                         
 Supernormative stimuli can be removed.                                                  
 Self-awareness is valuable.                                                             
                                                                                         
 Negative thinking patterns can be addressed through CBT.                                
 Fear can hinder progress.                                                               
                                                                                         
 Death is a reality to be considered.                                                    
 Touch can be a form of manipulation.                                                    
 Remote work is a viable option.                                                         
                                                                                         
 Rationality and efficiency are valuable.                                                
 People are interested in longevity and potentially organ replacement.                   
                                                                                         
                                                                                         
 Self-improvement is important                                                           
                                                                                         
 Growth is important                                                                     
                                                                                         
 10% body fat is optimal for health                                                      
                                                                                         
 Insecurity is a negative trait.                                                         
 Gene therapy can be used to enhance protein production.                                 
                                                                                         
 Communication barriers exist when interacting with non-technical people.                
 Randomness in the World                                                                 
 People are judged by how they make others feel.                                         
                                                                                         
                                                                                         
 Bias is detrimental                                                                     
                                                                                         
 Awareness of death is relevant.                                                         
 Social pressure is not a significant deterrent to growth.                               
                                                                                         
 Observation and imitation can facilitate learning.                                      
                                                                                         
 Cognitive Behavioral Therapy is useful.                                                 
 Time is valuable and should be managed carefully.                                       
                                                                                         
 Cognitive distortions exist                                                             
 People are genuinely kind and want to help.                                             
                                                                                         
                                                                                         
 Mind reading is a cognitive distortion.                                                 
                                                                                         
                                                                                         
                                                                                         
                                                                                         
 Future telling is a cognitive distortion.                                               
                                                                                         
                                                                                         
 Emotions should inform reasoning, but not dictate actions.                              
                                                                                         
                                                                                         
                                                                                         
 Catastrophizing is a cognitive distortion.                                              
                                                                                         
                                                                                         
                                                                                         
 Cognitive distortions negatively impact behavior.                                       
                                                                                         
 Productivity can be significantly increased.                                            
 Lectures are not always maximally effective.                                            
                                                                                         
 Stress is a sign of a lack of a system.                                                 
 Ideas are easier to come up with when not distracted.                                   
 The author's productivity is overestimated.                                             
 The author believes in the value of exploration and deeper understanding.               
                                                                                         
 Health is paramount to well-being.                                                      
 Rationalism is valuable.                                                                
 Cognitive distortions are a problem.                                                    
 Small losses can accumulate to significant harm.                                        
 Self-consciousness can be reduced.                                                      
                                                                                         
 Reading is beneficial.                                                                  
                                                                                         
 People are not always rational.                                                         
                                                                                         
 Falling off a bike can lead to serious consequences.                                    
                                                                                         
 Psychological problems can be solved.                                                   
 Cognitive distortions are harmful.                                                      
                                                                                         
 Self-reflection is important.                                                           
 Cognitive distortions can be addressed.                                                 
                                                                                         
 People are generally reasonable.                                                        
 Rationalism is beneficial.                                                              
 Polyamory is an interesting topic.                                                      
                                                                                         
                                                                                         
 Reflection and data analysis are important.                                             
 Learning from books is valuable.                                                        
                                                                                         
 Exploration and experimentation are beneficial.                                         
                                                                                         
                                                                                         
                                                                                         
 Energy has inherent qualities.                                                          
                                                                                         
                                                                                         
 Cognitive distortions are problematic.                                                  
 Acting as if you will be successful is a valid strategy.                                
 Self-awareness is crucial.                                                              
 Life is finite and precious.                                                            
                                                                                         
 Experiences are inherently absurd.                                                      
                                                                                         
 Cognitive distortions are problematic                                                   
 Systemic problems are more important than individual failings.                          
 Privacy is not inherently valuable.                                                     
                                                                                         
                                                                                         
 People's thoughts are not always accurate reflections of reality.                       
                                                                                         
 Overgeneralization is a cognitive distortion.                                           
                                                                                         
 The author believes that time is valuable.                                              
                                                                                         
                                                                                         
 The author believes that knowledge is important.                                        
                                                                                         
                                                                                         
 The author believes that emotional reasoning is a problem.                              
                                                                                         
 Systemic change is necessary for societal improvement.                                  
                                                                                         
 Soul drift is a potential danger of companies.                                          
                                                                                         
                                                                                         
 The value of networking and connection.                                                 
 Recording and documenting experiences for future reference.                             
 Recognizing and addressing irrational tendencies in others.                             
                                                                                         
 Understanding second-order consequences is important                                    
                                                                                         
 Develop a system for intentionality.                                                    
 Strategic thinking is crucial for personal success.                                     
                                                                                         
 Relationships are important.                                                            
                                                                                         
 Personal belief shapes reality.                                                         
 People are often kind and generous.                                                     
 Labels can be limiting and should be flexible.                                          
                                                                                         
                                                                                         
 Dopamine numbs pain                                                                     
                                                                                         
                                                                                         
 Delaying gratification is beneficial                                                    
                                                                                         
                                                                                         
 Value in rationalism and data-driven decision making.                                   
                                                                                         
 Factory farming is cruel.                                                               
 Belief in the potential for spiritual growth.                                           
 Social interaction and connection are important.                                        
                                                                                         
                                                                                         
                                                                                         
 Self-awareness and reflection are valuable.                                             
                                                                                         
 People are important                                                                    
                                                                                         
 Honesty is preferable to deception                                                      
                                                                                         
 Helping others is a worthwhile endeavor                                                 
 Transhumanism aligns with rationalist values.                                           
 Rationalists are less emotional than others.                                            
                                                                                         
                                                                                         
                                                                                         
 Emergent misalignment is important.                                                     
                                                                                         
                                                                                         
 Cognitive distortions are important to identify.                                        
 Technique is more important than brute strength in climbing                             
 People are capable of kindness                                                          
 Success is accessible with effort.                                                      
 People are generally kind.                                                              
 The value of conversations                                                              
 The importance of reflection                                                            
 The importance of a supportive partner                                                  
                                                                                         
 The author is currently struggling with feelings of inadequacy.                         
                                                                                         
 People often overestimate their compatibility with friends.                             
                                                                                         
                                                                                         
 Ella Ricketts is exceptionally high quality.                                            
                                                                                         
 Systems should be designed for the worst-case self.                                     
                                                                                         
 Relationships are important and can be difficult.                                       
                                                                                         
 Emotional reactions can be managed.                                                     
                                                                                         
 Relationships are important                                                             
                                                                                         
 Positive feedback is valued                                                             
                                                                                         
 People remember how you feel, not what you say.                                         
                                                                                         
 Cognitive distortions are harmful and can be challenged                                 
                                                                                         
                                                                                         
 Mental models improve intelligence                                                      
                                                                                         
 Learning and active recall are beneficial.                                              
                                                                                         
                                                                                         
 Cognitive distortions are a problem to address.                                         
 Similarities between excessive YouTube watching and procrastination.                    
                                                                                         
                                                                                         
 Potential exists.                                                                       
                                                                                         
 Knowledge is valuable.                                                                  
                                                                                         
 Friendships can be fleeting.                                                            
                                                                                         
 Trust is difficult for others.                                                          
 Self-esteem is linked to entertainment.                                                 
                                                                                         
 Social connections contribute to happiness                                              
 Negative thoughts indicate a lack of effort                                             
                                                                                         
                                                                                         
 Transparency and rapid information flow accelerate progress.                            
                                                                                         
                                                                                         
 Small, iterative experiments are more effective than grand plans.                       
                                                                                         
 Conflict can be an opportunity for growth and connection.                               
                                                                                         
                                                                                         
 reflective                                                                              
                                                                                         
 intentional                                                                             
                                                                                         
 empathetic                                                                              
                                                                                         
 curious                                                                                 
                                                                                         
                                                                                         
 Motivated                                                                               
                                                                                         
 Strategic                                                                               
                                                                                         
 Pragmatic                                                                               
 Obsessive (regarding Zoe)                                                               
 Driven                                                                                  
                                                                                         
                                                                                         
 Analytical                                                                              
                                                                                         
                                                                                         
 Self-conscious                                                                          
                                                                                         
                                                                                         
                                                                                         
 Self-aware                                                                              
                                                                                         
                                                                                         
 Confident                                                                               
                                                                                         
 Open-minded                                                                             
                                                                                         
                                                                                         
 Observant                                                                               
                                                                                         
 Aware                                                                                   
                                                                                         
 seeking help                                                                            
 Goal-oriented                                                                           
                                                                                         
 Receptive to cultural diversity                                                         
 Envious                                                                                 
 Awkward                                                                                 
                                                                                         
 Self-critical                                                                           
                                                                                         
                                                                                         
                                                                                         
                                                                                         
 Cautious                                                                                
                                                                                         
 Tired                                                                                   
 Ambitious                                                                               
                                                                                         
                                                                                         
                                                                                         
 Playful                                                                                 
 Patient                                                                                 
 Reflective.                                                                             
                                                                                         
 Proactive.                                                                              
 Playful.                                                                                
 Empathetic.                                                                             
 Aware.                                                                                  
 Concerned about others' well-being.                                                     
                                                                                         
 Productive                                                                              
                                                                                         
 Disciplined                                                                             
                                                                                         
 Responsible                                                                             
 Organized                                                                               
                                                                                         
 Persistent.                                                                             
 Curious.                                                                                
 Proactive                                                                               
                                                                                         
 Open to new experiences                                                                 
                                                                                         
 The author is reflective and analytical.                                                
 Concerned about future self.                                                            
 discomfort in my gut                                                │                                         │        1 │ 2025-08-25 │ /home/matth/Obsidian/Main/notes/dailies/2025-08-25.md                                   │ I feel just like 
 Anxious                                                                                 
                                                                                         
 Nice                                                                                    
 Generous                                                                                
                                                                                         
 The author is reflective.                                                               
                                                                                         
 The author is organized.                                                                
 The author is empathetic.                                                               
 Detail-oriented                                                                         
                                                                                         
                                                                                         
 Self-reflective                                                                         
                                                                                         
 Prone to overthinking                                                                   
 Concerned about expectations.                                                           
                                                                                         
 Socially aware                                                                          
 Creative                                                                                
                                                                                         
 Inquisitive                                                                             
                                                                                         
                                                                                         
                                                                                         
 The author is reflective and introspective.                                             
                                                                                         
 The author is curious and observant.                                                    
                                                                                         
 Reserved                                                                                
 Social                                                                                  
                                                                                         
│
 Open to feedback                                                                        
                                                                                         
                                                                                         
 Emotional                                                                               
                                                                                         
 Thoughtful                                                                              
 Open to romance                                                                         
 Friendly                                                                                
 Engaging                                                                                
                                                                                         
 Aware of personal limitations                                                           
                                                                                         
                                                                                         
                                                                                         
 Elated                                                                                  
 Disappointed                                                                            
                                                                                         
 Humorous                                                                                
 loneliness                                                                              
                                                                                         
 hope                                                                                    
                                                                                         
 curiosity                                                                               
                                                                                         
 concern                                                                                 
                                                                                         
 Motivation                                                                              
                                                                                         
 Satisfaction (with improvements to speech-to-text software)                             
 Sadness                                                                                 
                                                                                         
                                                                                         
                                                                                         
 Regret                                                                                  
                                                                                         
 Perhaps a touch of loneliness or longing (implied by thinking about Zoe)                
 Interest (regarding Zoe)                                                                
 Frustration (with his mother's inability to understand)                                 
 Executives are interesting.                                                             
                                                                                         
 Excitement (regarding potential moves and opportunities)                                
 Peace                                                                                   
 Love                                                                                    
                                                                                         
                                                                                         
                                                                                         
                                                                                         
 Happiness                                                                               
                                                                                         
                                                                                         
                                                                                         
 Gratitude                                                                               
                                                                                         
 Frustration                                                                             
                                                                                         
                                                                                         
                                                                                         
                                                                                         
 Awkwardness                                                                             
                                                                                         
 Nervousness                                                                             
                                                                                         
 Interest                                                                                
                                                                                         
                                                                                         
 Confidence                                                                              
                                                                                         
                                                                                         
                                                                                         
 uncertainty                                                                             
                                                                                         
 Disappointment/Negative Impression                                                      
 Envy                                                                                    
 Disgust                                                                                 
                                                                                         
 Concern about potential failure.                                                        
 Shame                                                                                   
                                                                                         
 Excitement                                                                              
                                                                                         
 Sadness.                                                                                
                                                                                         
                                                                                         
 Playfulness.                                                                            
 Happiness.                                                                              
                                                                                         
                                                                                         
 Frustration.                                                                            
                                                                                         
 Satisfaction (with productive days)                                                     
 Frustration (with current productivity)                                                 
                                                                                         
 Stress                                                                                  
                                                                                         
                                                                                         
                                                                                         
                                                                                         
                                                                                         
 Hesitation                                                                              
 Uncomfortable                                                                           
 Restlessness                                                                            
                                                                                         
 Embarrassment                                                                           
                                                                                         
                                                                                         
 Pride                                                                                   
                                                                                         
 Contentment                                                                             
                                                                                         
 Fear                                                                                    
                                                                                         
 Anxiety/Concern                                                                         
                                                                                         
                                                                                         
 The author is concerned about negative thinking patterns.                               
 Tiredness                                                                               
                                                                                         
 Mental tiredness and numbing                                                            
 Concern.                                                                                
 Bad mood.                                                                               
 Disconnected                                                                            
 Ashamed                                                                                 
                                                                                         
 The author feels shame.                                                                 
                                                                                         
 The author feels pity.                                                                  
 The author feels appreciation.                                                          
 Disappointment                                                                          
                                                                                         
                                                                                         
                                                                                         
 Stressed                                                                                
 Sadness/Empathy                                                                         
 Low energy                                                                              
 Anxiety                                                                                 
                                                                                         
 Shyness                                                                                 
                                                                                         
                                                                                         
 Inferiority                                                                             
                                                                                         
 The author felt a sense of connection with the people they met.                         
 The author expressed frustration with the hostel's conditions.                          
                                                                                         
 Reflection                                                                              
                                                                                         
 Annoyance                                                                               
 Hopefulness                                                                             
 Relief                                                                                  
 Masculine                                                                               
                                                                                         
 Flirtatious                                                                             
 Confident                                                                               
                                                                                         
 Overwhelmed                                                                             
                                                                                         
 Motivated                                                                               
 Insecurity                                                                              
                                                                                         
 Missing someone                                                                         
 Unhappiness                                                                             
 Frustration/Struggle                                                                    
                                                                                         
                                                                                         
                                                                                         
 Validation                                                                              
                                                                                         
 Pain                                                                                    
                                                                                         
 Elation                                                                                 
 Potential anxiety (related to social connection)                                        
                                                                                         
                                                                                         
 Frustration (with inefficiencies)                                                       
                                                                                         
                                                                                         
 Using CBT to analyze thoughts.                                                          
 The author is interested in the intersection of technology, aging, and consciousness.   
 The author is actively seeking advice and guidance from others.                         
 The author is concerned about the cost of future aging treatments.                      
                                                                                         
                                                                                         
 The author is actively using CBT techniques to analyze his thoughts.                    
 He is prioritizing learning and self-improvement through deliberate habits.             
 He is grappling with the ethical implications of longevity and the potential for cheap  
 reproduction.                                                                           
 The author values quality relationships and distinguishes between different types of    
 friendships.                                                                            
                                                                                         
                                                                                         
 The author values connection and genuine friendship.                                    
                                                                                         
                                                                                         
 The author struggles with procrastination and self-sabotage.                            
                                                                                         
                                                                                         
                                                                                         
                                                                                         
 The author recognizes the importance of external stimulation and the benefits of        
 disconnecting to cultivate inner peace.                                                 
 There is a strong community of young professionals interested in remote work and        
 longevity in Madrid.                                                                    
                                                                                         
 The author is using a CBT framework to analyze their thoughts.                          
 The author is actively seeking ways to improve their life through strategic actions and 
 learning.                                                                               
 People are interested in entrepreneurship and digital nomadism.                         
                                                                                         
                                                                                         
                                                                                         
 Utilizing CBT techniques for thought analysis.                                          
                                                                                         
 Use of CBT                                                                              
 The author is using CBT to analyze their thoughts.                                      
 Focus on daily reflection and self-assessment.                                          
                                                                                         
 Awareness of cognitive distortions.                                                     
 The potential for significant advancements through gene therapy.                        
                                                                                         
 The importance of clear communication, especially with non-technical individuals.       
 Value of Reflection                                                                     
                                                                                         
                      │        1 │ 2025-09-25 │ /home/matth/Obsidian/Main/notes/dailies/2025-09-25.md                                   │ His advice is to increase your "luck surface area" by having high agency and doing a   │
                                                                                         
 The author is using CBT techniques to challenge negative thoughts.                      
                                                                                         
 The author is using a structured approach to daily planning and reflection.             
                                                                                         
                                                                                         
                                                                                         
                                                                                         
                                                                                         
                                                                                         
                                                                                         
                                                                                         
 The author is intrigued by the cultural differences observed in Spain.                  
 The author is impressed by the affectionate nature of Spanish women.                    
 The author finds the narrow streets of the city appealing.                              
 The author is struggling with the time commitment of a large project.                   
 The author is experiencing a bittersweet farewell with a friend.                        
 The author is actively working on self-awareness and cognitive distortions.             
 The author struggles with procrastination and time management.                          
 The author is hyper-aware of their own cognitive distortions.                           
 The author is actively working to understand and correct their cognitive distortions.   
 Systematic self-assessment                                                              
                                                                                         
 Cognitive restructuring                                                                 
 Difficulty in focusing on important tasks.                                              
                                                                                         
 The author is actively experimenting with different productivity techniques.            
                                                                                         
 The author recognizes the importance of self-reflection for growth.                     
                                                                                         
                                                                                         
 The author struggles with distraction and prioritizing tasks.                           
 The author is experimenting with using LLMs to automate tasks.                          
 The author is using CBT techniques to address negative thinking.                        
 The author is planning and prioritizing tasks for the next day.                         
 The author is actively engaged in CBT exercises.                                        
                                                                                         
 The author struggles with procrastination and feeling unproductive.                     
                                                                                         
 The author is aware of their own cognitive biases and is attempting to address them     
 through CBT.                                                                            
 The author is actively experimenting with different tools and techniques for knowledge  
 management.                                                                             
 The author is experimenting with different communication methods.                       
                                                                                         
 The author is experiencing a shift in their reading ability after an injury.            
                                                                                         
 The author is engaging in a structured thought experiment to improve their              
 decision-making.                                                                        
 The author is attempting to quantify the probability of future accidents and their      
 potential impact.                                                                       
 The author is actively engaging in CBT techniques.                                      
 The author is actively engaging in a self-improvement process.                          
 The author is interested in self-improvement and personal development.                  
                                                                                         
 The author is actively working on identifying and challenging negative thought          
 patterns.                                                                               
 The author is actively working on identifying and challenging cognitive distortions.    
                                                                                         
                                                                                         
 The author is aware of and attempting to mitigate cognitive distortions.                
                                                                                         
 The author is actively working on structuring his reflection process.                   
 The author is trying to balance personal growth with practical goals.                   
                                                                                         
 The author is actively working on cognitive behavioral therapy techniques.              
                                                                                         
 The importance of breaking habits.                                                      
                                                                                         
 The author is using CBT techniques.                                                     
 The author is trying to establish a system for self-improvement.                        
                                                                                         
 The author is engaged in CBT exercises.                                                 
                                                                                         
 The author is considering the long-term implications of their actions.                  
                                                                                         
 The author is attempting to identify and challenge cognitive distortions.               
                                                                                         
 The author is actively experimenting with strategies to improve their daily routine and 
 productivity.                                                                           
 Cognitive distortions are present.                                                      
                                                                                         
 The value of sharing experiences and connecting with others.                            
 The potential for self-reflection to drive personal growth.                             
 The importance of recognizing systemic issues rather than blaming individuals.          
 The author values positive interactions with colleagues.                                
 The author is actively working on identifying and correcting cognitive distortions.     
 The potential for technology to enhance human capabilities.                             
                                                                                         
 The importance of mentorship and learning from those ahead.                             
                                                                                         
 The author is concerned about the value of their time compared to the cost of travel.   
                                                                                         
                                                                                         
 The author is experimenting with a system for managing and leveraging their network,    
 including the use of speech-to-text and video messaging.                                
                                                                                         
                                                                                         
 The author is actively seeking ways to provide value to their network through various   
 methods, including sharing resources and documenting experiences.                       
 The author struggles with impulsive behavior and seeks to understand the underlying     
 causes.                                                                                 
 The author struggles with assuming negative outcomes in interactions.                   
 The author is using a CBT-inspired approach to analyze their thoughts and behaviors.    
                                                                                         
 The author is interested in applying strategic thinking to life.                        
                                                                                         
 The author is experimenting with journaling as a data capture system.                   
 The author is actively working on changing their mindset and behaviors.                 
 The author struggles with overestimating their impact on others.                        
 The author is actively working on self-improvement through CBT and mindfulness.         
                                                                                         
 The author is struggling with internal conflict and self-doubt.                         
                                                                                         
 The author is influenced by the people they meet and tries to adapt to their energy.    
                                                                                         
 The author is experiencing a sense of overwhelm and needing to prioritize.              
 The author is attempting to create a new identity and personal brand.                   
 The author is actively working on improving their social skills and self-awareness.     
                                                                                         
 The potential for AI to cause misalignment.                                             
                                                                                         
 The potential for AI to cause misalignment.                                             
                                                                                         
                                                                                         
 The importance of community and shared values.                                          
 The author observed that seemingly unfriendly people can be kind.                       
                                                                                         
 The author is actively working on self-improvement through CBT and reflection.          
                                                                                         
 The author is self-aware and willing to reflect on their behavior and motivations.      
 The author is experimenting with different approaches to networking and social          
 interaction.                                                                            
 The author is actively seeking social connections and opportunities for personal and    
 professional growth.                                                                    
 The author wants the stylist to understand their preferences.                           
 The author is interested in self-improvement and personal growth.                       
                                                                                         
 The author is actively experimenting with different systems and methodologies.          
                                                                                         
 The author is actively working on self-improvement through CBT.                         
                                                                                         
 The author is using cognitive distortions, specifically focusing on the 'should'        
 statement.                                                                              
 The author is considering a long-term relationship with Ella Ricketts, despite          
 recognizing a potential mismatch in quality.                                            
                                                                                         
 The author values memories and relationships.                                           
                                                                                         
 The author is actively working on self-improvement through CBT and systems thinking.    
                                                                                         
                                                                                         
                                                                                         
                                                                                         
                                                                                         
                                                                                         
 The author is actively working on self-awareness and emotional regulation.              
                                                                                         
                                                                                         
 The author is reflecting on a positive interaction and its impact on their              
 self-perception.                                                                        
 The author is consciously trying to reduce their reliance on their smartphone.          
 The author is actively working on applying principles from 'The Fine Art of Small Talk' 
 and 'Never Eat Alone'.                                                                  
 The author is actively engaged in self-improvement through CBT and habit tracking.      
                                                                                         
                                                                                         
 The author is struggling with overeating and needs to practice mindful eating.          
                                                                                         
                                                                                         
                                                                                         
 The author is considering shifting their learning system focus.                         
                                                                                         
                                                                                         
                                                                                         
                                                                                         
 Importance of systems for growth                                                        
                                                                                         
 The author is struggling with time management and self-control.                         
                                                                                         
 The author is experimenting with Zettelkasten.                                          
 The author is considering a CRM relationship system.                                    
 The author is actively using CBT techniques.                                            
 The author is actively trying to manage the potential for quickly formed and then lost  
 friendships.                                                                            
 The author is using CBT to address negative thinking.                                   
 The author is practicing mindfulness through meditation.                                
 The author is consciously practicing CBT techniques by identifying and challenging      
 negative thinking patterns.                                                             
 The author is actively using Zettlekasten and GPT to aid their writing process.         
 The value of routine and predictability for learning.                                   
                                                                                          
 The importance of deliberate practice and breaking down complex skills.                 
